Add block generation python sim & writeup (#16)
ethereum-optimism/optimistic-specs: components/block_gen.md

# Block Generation

The logic which is used to generate the rollup chain from L1.

## Glossary

> - **Block Inputs**: All information in an Ethereum block required to generate the full block contents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Block Inputs**: All information required to generate a full Ethereum bock, given the pre-state and previous block. For example, does NOT include a state root for that block's input.
```

> - **Rollup Blockchain**: The rollup blocks generated by performing the rollup's state transition function over all block inputs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Rollup Blockchain**: The rollup blocks generated by performing the rollup's state transition function over all block inputs. For example, DOES include a state root for that block's input.
```

Reviewer: could be worth just specifying this explicitly, what is NOT in block input that IS in yellow paper section `4.3. The Block`
